Documented withEntityNotFound api change (#734)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/migration/manual-migration.mdx

  );
  ```

## `withEntityNotFound` API change

[`withEntityNotFound` API has changed](https://gitlab.blackswift.cloud/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/merge_requests/2354).
In version 2, the parameter `NotFoundComponent` was optional (defaulted to

> `NotFound` component). However, this HOC is now deprecated and has been placed
> within `@front-commerce/compat` package, from which it is not possible to import
> files from the `theme`. Hence in v3, `withEntityNotFound`'s `NotFoundComponent`
> parameter is now mandatory.

Reviewer: This is our internal implementation detail, I don't think it makes sense to expose all the reasons to readers.

**suggestion:** keep it simpler
```suggestion
`NotFound` component). This HOC is now deprecated and is now in the 
theme-agnostic `@front-commerce/compat` package.
If you still want to use `withEntityNotFound`, you must now provide a `NotFoundComponent`
component parameter.
```

To cope with this change, you need to review all component using
`withEntityNotFound` to make sure a `NotFoundComponent` parameter is passed to
it. For example, by using the component it was previously defaulted to:

```jsx
import NotFound "theme/modules/PageError/NotFound/NotFound"

/*
  ... your component
*/

> export default   withEntityNotFound({
>     isFound: () => false,
>     NotFoundComponent: NotFound,
>   })(MyComponent);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export default withEntityNotFound({
    isFound: () => false,
    NotFoundComponent: NotFound,
})(MyComponent);
```

```

A even better way would be to get rid of `withEntityNotFound`, and instead

> handle this mechanism directly withing the related `loader` by throwing a `404`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
handle this mechanism directly within the related Remix route `loader` by throwing a `404`
```
Maybe provide an example of how to throw 404 ?

Author: Added a link to Remix's guide on 404 ([this one](https://remix.run/docs/en/main/guides/not-found)).
